Q1: Why might we consider using Git?

Answer: We might consider using Git because it allows 
developers to collaborate on projects while on their 
local machines and still upload changes to a shared 
repository. This is important especially if there are 
changes that are being added or changed on a project 
and allows for isolated testing before pushing specific 
features into production. Git also tracks changes in 
the repository and can be helpful when making changes 
on a project. Additionally, git allows developers to 
also see the work of other developers on the project 
and provide feedback on their commits before merging. 
Specifically for this class git will allow us to upload 
our projects and collaborate with other teammates.

Q2: What field could data science be applied to? Give an Example.

Answer: Data science can be applied to the medical field and 
specifically fields related to epidemiology. Since epidemiology 
focuses on studying the spread of diseases and determining factors 
for diseases, data science can help with analyzing that data and 
creating datasets and visualizations that track specific diseases. 
Additionally, data science can serve as a tool for predicting trends 
with certain diseases, illnesses, and outbreaks based on past trends 
in certain regions.

Q3: What is the difference between Merging and Rebasing?

Answer: Merging and rebase are used when changes for a feature are 
made on one branch and have not been updated for another branch. For this
update to occur the commits have to be combined for the branches to recieve the 
changed commits. When it comes to merging two branches the histories are kept
seperate and when merged they create a new merge commit from the individual branches.
However, with rebasing it allows commits to stay linear since it just continues 
adding the new commits from the last point of the branch with updated commits. 
So if main has commits to be added to the feature branch instead of creating a 
merge commit with both commits from main and the feature branch combined with the 
new merge commit, which can sometimes be difficult to read, rebase makes it so the 
commits are added on top of one another from the starting point of the last commits
made my main.  

